Susie left the Dreemurrs house feeling completely devastated. It wasn't enough that she had to deal with that awful prophecy and its implications, but now the one adult in this whole town that she trusted was acting like a drunken mess. A drunken mess who, at the moment, seemed no different from her parents. It was all too much to handle.

Susie had no urge to go back to her apartment. She felt bad enough already without her home life making it worse. When she didn’t want to go home, she would usually head to the library, her one safe place where no one bothered her. The space was almost always devoid of people, except for Berdly, who would volunteer there day and night. As matter of fact, the library was so quiet, sometimes Susie would even manage to catch a good night's sleep there, something her home didn’t really provide. That was, until yesterday, when Berdly ended up in the hospital and the library was closed down because there was no one else to volunteer.  

“I should check on him,” Susie thought. Thinking about it, how come no one ever came to visit him? Why was she the only one who seemed to care about his well being? When she and Kris saw Berdly this morning in the hospital, he was all alone. It made Susie wonder where the hell are the parents? Why was he there all by himself while slipping into a coma? 

When she got to Berdly’s room in the hospital, it looked like his condition had worsened. His breath was much slower and his body temperature lower than before. Susie took his heat bottle that was completely cold and replaced it with a fresh hot one. She also cranked the heat up to the max. 

“Hey, I’m sorry about what happened.” Susie said. She rightfully assumed that Berdly's condition had something to do with them being in the Dark World yesterday.

“I don’t know how yet, but I’m going to find a way to fix this.” As she said that, for a brief moment, it looked like Berdly moved slightly.

Berdly’s condition was clearly deteriorating, and no one was willing to help. “If he doesn’t get any help soon, he could be gone for good.” Susie said to herself. Susie went downstairs for a moment and asked the monster sitting at the desk if they knew what was wrong with him. The answer Susie got was not a hopeful one. The nurse told her that the doctors ran every test they could but found nothing, and that there was nothing to do but to let Berdly recover on his own. When Susie pointed out that his condition was getting worse, her concerns were waved off. “It wasn’t like some teenage street punk would know anything about medicine anyway.” The nurse sitting at the desk thought to themselves. 

Given the severity of the situation and the unwillingness of the medical staff to do their job, it seemed as though Susie only had one option. Open a dark world in Berdly’s room and use her new healing magic to heal him. Given how Berdly was just getting worse without any logical explanation, without a doubt pointed towards something that happened in the Dark World.  She remembered she still had Kris’s knife in her pocket. Why did Kris even carry that thing? It didn’t matter right now; it was a good way to open a dark fountain and hopefully give Berdly the help he needed. 

She took the knife, put all of her focus on healing Berdly, and drove the blade into the ground with all of her might. Slowly, a dark fog started to ascend from the puncture she'd created. As the fog’s movement accelerated further, the hole started to morph into a dark fountain and engulf the entire room. As the darkness covered Susie, she could see herself changing the way she usually does when entering the Darkworld. Her skin turned pinkish, her hair gained a purple tint, and her outfit changed from her plain clothes to her Darkworld attire.

When she fully descended to the Dark World, there was no sign of Berdly. In fact, there wasn’t that much of life at all in this world. When she was walking around, she could barely spot any Darkners, and the few that she did see all seemed to be preoccupied with their own thing. If during the adventures she had with Kris she could always run into at least one or two hostile Darkners, then here, everyone just didn’t seem to care about anything. She tried to talk to a few of them, in hopes of getting Berdly’s whereabouts, but she could barely exchange a few words with them, let alone ask them about the bird's location. One Darkner, a syringe that came to life, said only, “Well, at least they’re not using me to shoot H. Only morphine for medical purposes. That’s slightly better right?” before just zoning out and ignoring Susie. 

Meanwhile, Berdly was nowhere to be found. Susie looked everywhere and couldn’t find him. She searched in every place she could think of and asked every Darkner that was willing to talk to her, but nothing yielded any results. Just as she was about to give up, though, she took a look at a block of ice she passed several times. Upon closer inspection, to her surprise, Berdly was frozen inside of it. He had a terrified face, as if he had witnessed something horrifying just before he got frozen. It did kind of make sense, Berdly being so cold in the Light World, because in the Dark World, he was outright trapped inside a giant block of ice. 

Susie tried to use her healing spell on him, but it didn’t work. It was the same thing that had happened with Jackenstein: The spell can’t heal you if it doesn’t come in contact with you directly. She also tried to chip away at ice using her axe, but that didn’t work either. The ice was too strong, and her weapon couldn’t even make a single dent. 

How exactly was she going to fix this? Some kind of fire magic to melt the ice or something? She was a dragon after all, weren’t dragons supposed to be good with fire?

If only there was more to find about dragons and fire, perhaps from some history book or something... Susie got an idea. What if she broke into the library and found some information on the subject? Out of all those old history books, there had to be at least something that was related to what she is looking for. Furthermore, who was going to stop her? The only one tending the library was Berdly. 

The library was locked; somebody else must’ve locked it after Berdly ended up in the hospital. Susie wondered who, given nobody else worked there. The doors were sealed with a cheap padlock. One could easily open it by hitting the top with something sturdy. Susie took out the knife and aimed the handle of the knife at the padlock. She missed and hit the handle of one of the doors, which she ripped off along with the lock.  

“God damn it… Well, at least I’m in,” she said as she entered the library. 

After looking through the entire library, Susie managed to find exactly one single book on the history of dragon monsters and their religious practices. Most of the information was completely useless, except for a few pages that talked about a very specific ritual related to using the power of the eternal flame, a concept central to the ancient religion of the dragons. In this ritual, the practitioner would descend into the darkness, and in that darkness, they would visualize their inner flame and its connection to the eternal fire to cast fire magic. When Susie read that, she knew that she had to test this spell safely, somewhere in the Dark World. If used correctly, perhaps this might be the thing that would save Berdly. 

Even though it was still night, Susie rushed back to the school, back to Castle Town so she could see if this thing actually worked. For all Susie knew, Berdly needed help urgently, and if he didn’t get it soon, it could be all over for him. 

“Hey Ralsei, I need your help quickly.” Susie said, still in a rush from running all the way to Castle Town from the library. 

“Sure, what do you need help with?” Ralsei said, always eager to help the Fun Gang. 

“I think I learned how to do a fire spell, and I need a safe way to practice it.” 

“A fire spell? Where did you learn it?”

“Well I, uhh… kinda broke into the town library, and I might have found something there.”  Susie said. 

“You broke into the library?” Ralsei asked and continued, “Susie, please stop breaking into places.”

“Yeah, but this is an emergency.”

After Susie explained the situation to Ralsei, they went to a spot with no one around, where Susie could try out her new spell without risking burning anyone in the process. She began doing exactly what the text said; she focused all of her mental energy on her inner flame and its connection to the eternal fire. She then put out her hand and tried to cast fire.

What came out was a massive stream of fire, enough to burn down a whole city. Susie thankfully, immediately turned it off, but that didn’t mean she and Ralsei were not shaken by the whole thing. 

“Holy shit! Ralsei, do you fucking see that?” Susie said.

“Yes, I saw…” Ralsei said and continued,  “That is why I was so scared in the first place. I know how powerful fire magic can be.” 

“Yeah, imagine what it could do to a Titan!” 

“Sadly, absolutely nothing.” Ralsei corrected Susie.

“Wait, why?”  

“You see, this type of magic… ” Ralsei paused for a moment and said, “You conjure this magic by further descending into the darkness, and that is where the Titan gets its powers. By shooting the titan with this type of magic, you would only make it even more powerful. Titans are pure manifestations of this type of magic.”

“I guess that kind of makes sense. Can I at least unfreeze Berdly with it?” Susie asked.

“You can, but you must be extremely careful. If you overdo it, you'll end up burning the person you are trying to unfreeze.” Rasei then added, “In general, be careful using this spell. Using this type of magic will intensify the Roaring.”

“Yeah, well… I’m only doing this because I’m out of other options. I’m not an arsonist… I’m only a face-eating burglar.” Susie said and smiled.

Even though this fire magic was in fact extremely dangerous and yet somehow completely useless against Titans, Susie was still glad she learned the spell. There was a chance she could save Berdly with it. After practicing a bit more, thankfully, she got better control of the spell. It was possible to free Berdly from his ice prison without harming him in the process.

Susie went back to the Dark World she'd created in Berdly’s room. She approached Berdly, who was still trapped in the ice and said, “Alright, here goes… I really hope this works.”

Susie was scared, because she felt that, despite a lot of practice, she didn’t really know what she was doing. Even though she rehearsed the spell as much as she could before going back, that did not change the fact that one wrong move would mean burning Berdly to a crisp. At the same time, she couldn’t just leave him like that. Especially now, when she already opened a Dark World here. No one else was going to unfreeze Berdly, so she had to go through with it. She aimed her fire spell at the top of the ice, to minimize the risk of hitting him, and she mitigated the power of the fire as much as she could. However, once she unleashed the flames, she saw that the ice was barely melting. She slightly increased the intensity of her spell, and the ice slowly started to crack. Susie then lowered her aim more towards the middle, hoping that it would unfreeze the ice more quickly. The cracks began to appear much faster, as it looked like the ice was about to break completely. Susie just hoped that Berdly wouldn’t break along with it. 

Finally, the ice shattered completely. Berdly was in one piece, and not on fire. Good start, Susie thought. However, despite being unfrozen, Berdly was still unconscious. Susie quickly used her healing spell to heal Berdly, but even though the spell came in contact with him, he was still unconscious. Susie quickly ran towards him, and kneeled beside him.

“Hey man, please wake up.” Susie said as she nudged him. “WAKE THE FUCK UP ALREADY!” she yelled as she punched the floor. Even though Berdly was a massive nuisance, she just couldn’t see him gone. 

All of a sudden, she could feel a slow breathing on her arm. Berdly actually started to inhale air in the dark world. She quickly cast another healing spell, and as a result Berdly started to move.

“Sus… Susan?” He said as he slowly started to open his eyes.

When Susie heard Berdly speak, she immediately hugged him. He hugged her back and said, still in a weak voice, “You really have gone yandere for me.”

“God, you’re an idiot, but I’m glad you’re okay.” 

“Oh, there’s no need to put on a show, Susan. You are clearly in love with me.” Berdly said as he stood up. 

“Oh uh, Berdly, one more thing.” Susie said.

“Anything, my sweet Susan.” 

“I broke the door in the library; we should probably go fix it.”

“Umm... Susan, what about this place? Are we just going to leave it?”

“Me and Kris will take care of it tomorrow probably. They are the only one who has the ability to close Dark Worlds, I think.”

“Alright then, Susan. I shall help you cover up the evidence of your felony. For love.” Berdly said.

"Not a felony. At worst it's a misdemeanor since I didn't actually steal anything." Susie said.

Thankfully, Berdly knew where there was a repair toolkit in the library. Soon after Berdly had fully recovered, they decided to leave the Dark World and head towards Susie’s crime scene. Susie took the repair kit and tried to attach the handle she ripped off back to the door.

“So, how long have you known about these Dark Worlds?” Berdly asked.

“Just a few days, mostly it was just a way to hang out with Kris and Ralsei.” Susie said. 

“Ralsei, who’s that?”

“He’s a friend of ours from the Dark World. He’s a really cool dude. I should introduce you to him at some point.”

“Wait, does this mean you haven’t worked on your project at all?” Berdly asked.

“You know, with everything going, I kind of forgot about it.” Susie said.

“Fear not, Susan, I will help you with your project, if you ever need it.”

“By the way man, how the hell did you get frozen?”

“I don’t really remember…” Berdly paused for a second and then continued, “but I think Noelle and Kris were there. Noelle did something and then this snow storm came.”

“Noelle? Really?” 

“I think, I’m not entirely certain.” 

“Maybe it was a Darkner that looks like Noelle or something? I just can’t believe Noelle would pull something like that.” Susie said. 

After a lot of struggling, Susie managed to screw the handle back on to the door. The handle sat perfectly where it was supposed to, and if you didn’t look closely, you wouldn’t even know Susie had ripped it off just a few hours ago. After they finished cleaning up, they decided to go to Berdly’s house. To Susie, hanging out with Berdly seemed much preferable to going back home.

Berdly had a decent apartment, one which was far better than what Susie was used to. However, she noticed his parents were not there.

“Uhh… so where are you folks?” Susie asked.

“You see Susan, most of the time they are away on business trips.” Berdly continued, “That means we have the place all to ourselves.”

“Still, how come they haven’t come to visit you in the hospital? You’d think they drop everything in a situation like this.”

“Clearly, they know I can handle things myself.” Berdly said.

“Handle things yourself? Nobody can handle being frozen by themselves. If I hadn’t come, who knows what would have happened.”  

Berdly completely ignored Susie's concerns. Instead he was excited that Susie was worried about him. Clearly she was falling for him. Clearly.

“Well at least, I’ll have some peace and quiet. I had an awful day today.” Susie said before landing on the couch. 

“You want to maybe watch a romantic movie? I have a bunch.” Berdly had a collection of romance movies in case a girl actually came over at some point. Too bad Susie hated romance films. 

“Wait, why? Didn’t think you were into that. Do you have Blood Crushers 2 by any chance? Haven’t watched that in a while.” Susie said.

“I do, actually.” Berdly said. 

Berdly opened a closet near his TV and unveiled a massive collection of movies, each shelf labeled with a genre. He went to the horror section and picked out Blood Crushers 2. 

“Hey Susan, do you think maybe we should watch Blood Crushers 1 first?” Berdly asked. 

“It’s not important actually, the movies aren’t actually sequels to each other.” Susie said.

Plus, Blood Crushers 1 was incredibly creepy with that whole tree scene. It was too much after all she went through today.

Berdly popped the movie in, grabbed some popcorn and sat right next to Susie. Berdly was hoping Susie would get scared and seek comfort from Berdly, but what happened instead was the exact opposite. Berdly kept getting scared, and it kept annoying Susie. Every time a Bloodite appeared on screen, Berdly would jump back knocking some of the popcorn right into Susie’s face. 

“Hey Berdly, can you stop throwing popcorn around? I really hate wasting food.” Susie said.

“I’ll tr… Yes, I will stop doing that. Not like I’m scared or anything.” Berdly said.

“I have an idea.” Susie said. She then took the bowl of popcorn and poured the entire contents into her mouth. 

“There, now we can watch the movie in peace.” she said. 

“Wow, Susan, you must’ve been really hungry.” Berdly said. 

“Nah, it’s okay, I ate this morning.” 

“This morning? Susan, you are supposed to eat 3 times a day.”

“I don’t think I ever ate 3 times a day in my life.” Susie said. 

“That’s not good, you need to get proper nutrition.” 

Berdly saw this as a great opportunity to show off his cooking skills, too bad he didn’t have any. He tried to make some spaghetti, but ended up undercooking both the pasta and the sauce somehow. In the meantime Susie kept watching Blood Crushers 2 until the very end.

“Uhh… dinner is ready I guess.” Berdly said. 

He had set out two plates on the dinner table and called Susie to come over. Berdly was extremely nervous because he knew he messed up the food. They both sat down at the dinner table and Susie started chomping down the spaghetti like there was no tomorrow. In a matter of seconds her plate was empty. 

“Hey, thanks man, that was delicious.” Susie said.

“You… liked that?” Berdly asked.

“Yeah, it was good.”

Berdly heart filled with excitement, Susie must’ve loved him so much that she endured his awful meal. In reality of course, Susie just likes eating garbage.

“Hey man, I’ve had a really rough day. Can I sleep over here tonight?” Susie asked.

“Of course, my Susan, I have a king sized bed…”

“The couch is fine actually.” Susie interrupted. She didn’t even finish listening to what Berdly said. She just passed out with her head buried in one of the pillows. 

Berdly decided to go to sleep as well. He headed to his room with a great sense of accomplishment. He got to spend time with Susie.
