A town not far to Waterdeep sent a distress call to the cities nearby. It has been recently attacked by an unknown monstrosity who has been attacking the town for a few weeks. The local hunters of the town had tried to stop the attacks but to no avail. A monster hunter traveling in the area had heard about the request when staying in one of the towns nearby and decided to answer the call. 

The name of the hunter was Rata, she was an orc who grew up in Baulder’s Gate. She spent her life drifting from place to place, doing odd jobs here and there. Whether it was to deal with some bandits or to recover some stolen goods, Rata would do it all. In recent years, however,  she has been mainly monster hunting. She grew a liking to the job, it offered a challenge and always paid well. Rata was enough of a skilled warrior that she could handle any monster the job threw at her and the pay would always suffice to keep the bills in check; sometimes she even had the opportunity to afford luxuries.  
She was heading out of waterdeep, she just cashed in a decent reward for a monster she had slain, and when she heard about the request and how much money it offered, she immediately headed out without getting any food or rest. 

She was heading to the city on foot, because she was too cheap to pay for a carriage for such a “short” distance. Her penny pinching often caused her problems and this time was no exception. Dragging all her equipment through the forest on an empty stomach and without any sleep was a tedious choir.  Her gear was heavy, especially her two handed axe. It was a special axe she crafted herself from different body parts of a monster she had slain. The monster was a Catoblepas, a vile creature who dwells in the swamps and attacks everything in sight. The blade was made out of its tusk, more specifically by taking the tusk and tempering it into a blade like shape. The eye of the axe had a spike made from one of its claws and the handle was wrapped with the monster’s leather for a better grip. She also had a few healing potions, a few poisons she brewed herself and several sticks of dynamite.

The town she arrived in was a busy one. Shops and Restaurants  were open on every corner and plenty of people were out in the street going about their business. “No wonder, they are paying so much for this. Monster attacks could really hurt the constant trade that goes on here”. Rata thought to herself. She decided to check out the closet inn that she could find and see if they know anything about the job offer in question.
“Belgard’s inn” - she saw a sign not far from the town’s entrance. It was an old worn down building on the edge of the city.  She decided to come in. The place didn’t have that many people in it. A few shady dudes having a beer, a bard playing some sappy music in the back. Rata approached the bar and sat on one of the stools that were in the center. The innkeeper looked tired and bored out of his mind. It took him a minute to see that a customer was sitting by the bar. He slowly stood up and started walking towards the bar. Finally he approached the bar and said “So, what will it be?” he paused for a second and said “Let me guess: you are here about the monster attacking the town? My advice to you is leave that shit alone.”
Rata smiled slightly. “Yeah, actually, that’s exactly what I’m here for. Who do I talk to about it exactly?”
“Wait, don’t tell me you’re alone. Are you crazy, whole teams have gone missing and you’re going to attack that thing on your own?”.
“I don’t need hunting advice from you. Tell me who I talk to, or I’m just gonna leave and get my food and lodging elsewhere.” 
“Fine, go to the town council and ask to talk to Macel and say it’s about the monster attacks.”
“This isn’t my first battle, I have dealt with a lot more than a single monster. I’ll be fine.”
“Look, it’s not like any other monster you dealt with, this one is different. I can’t explain how exactly…” 
“Don’t explain, just give me food. Preferably some onion soup if you have any.” As she said that, she pulled a few gold coins out of her pocket and put them on the bar. The Innkeeper reluctantly took the coins and went to prepare Rata’s meal. 

After finishing her soup, Rata set out to the city council where the mayor was located. The building was hard to miss, it was a tall building in the center of the town. The building had guards patrolling the surrounding area at all times and a few who were standing in the entrance. The guards were wearing high grade armor and were armed with spears. When Rata approached the entrance a guard instantly approached her and said “What is your business here?” 
“Yeah, I’m here about your massive cockroach infestation.” Rata began to whisper “I think that guy over there might be one of them”. 
“Is this some kind of joke? Get out of here at once” Yelled the guard at Rata. 
“Relax, I’m here about the monster attacks; I’m here to talk to Macel.”
 “This better be serious, if this is another joke, I will throw you out personally.” The guard turned to one of his co-worker and said “Watch my post for a bit, I’m gonna make sure this dipshit doesn’t try anything”.
The guard then opened the door behind him and signaled Rata to enter. He followed her closely by making sure she wouldn’t go out of his sight. The building looked larger from the inside. The main hall was a large circular room with huge pillars on each side of the room. The floor was made out of white slightly greyish marble. The place was mostly empty with a few people walking around looking busy. “Step into the room on the left” The guard ordered Rata. “Talk to Macel, he’s the head of protection. He will explain to you what you need to do. ” The guard said as he wandered off back to his important business of standing around doing nothing and looking threatening. Rata entered the room, it was a large office room with a large wooden desk in the middle. Behind the desk sat a guy in his 40 or 50’s. He had grey short hair, and a scar across his left eye. He was messing around with some paper work and completely ignoring Rata. 
“hey are you the guy I need to talk about your monster problem?” Rata asked.
“Yeah…” The guy said without even looking up.
“Where is it exactly? When was it last seen? Do you have any info at all?” 
“Near the mines, that’s where all the other hunters went missing. That’s all I know.” He continued, “The payment is 4000 gold, no haggling.” Macel paused for a second and said “By the way, if you do manage to kill it, do me a favor: don’t drag dead body parts in here. This is a place of official business. Nobody here wants to smell the rotting flesh of some goblin you killed. Show it to the head miner and it will be enough.”
 “I wasn’t planning to? What the fuck are you talking about even? You know what just because you said that I’m gonna bring a suitcase full of dragon shit next time I’m here just to spite you.” Rata then went on her way. 

Everything was in order, the job was a go. Before heading out it was a good idea to get some rest. Perhaps in that same Inn with that unpleasant innkeeper. The rooms looked good enough, the place looked clean and food was alright… As she walked there, out of nowhere a person in a cloak approached her and put their hand on her shoulder. Rata quickly pushed the hand off herself and said “Hey hands off.”.
 The cloaked individual, barely reacted and slowly turned towards and said “The end times are coming. You best accept him into your heart.”
Rata took a deep breath and said “Look, I’ve been in a cult once before… It was a really unpleasant experience. People in those places have no boundaries, you know?” 
“I’m not inviting you to anything, this is just a warning.” 
“Uh-huh, that’s what they all say.” 
“You will all die otherwise.” 
“You know I should make like bingo cards from the generic garbage you all say. You’re all going to keep pestering me anyway, might as well gamify the experience.” Rata said as she started to walk towards the inn. She thought to herself: “Seriously, though, does that even work on anybody? Just approaching people on the street to rope into some weird cult thing?”
 At least the “salesman” didn’t pursue her. They just kept standing in the middle of the street looking for their next potential “customer”. Rata opens the door to the Inn and immediately enters to avoid that unpleasant individual. She then goes up the stairs to her room, it’s all the way to the back. The hallway looked like a goblin nest where opium smoking is common practice. Rata then entered her room, at least the room itself wasn’t that bad. The bed was kinda small for an orc but she was too tired after her long trip to care. She needed some rest before her mission tomorrow. She put her axe near the bed right beside her, took off her armor and laid on the bed. It was time to fall asleep. Even though there was a bunch of racket coming from down stairs rata fell asleep with ease. She was so tired it didn’t bother her. 











